Hello and welcome back to English from
the ground up. My name is Kenzo and
today I'm starting a new Minecraft
series.
In this series, we'll learn some English
while playing Minecraft hardcore.
Let's do it. Let's create a new world.
I'm going to name this world
hard world
and let's turn hardcore
on.
So, normally in Minecraft when you die
you can respawn over and over again, but
in hardcore
when you die it's done. You can't
respawn. Nope.
All right, let's create hard world.
Create.
Loading. Loading. Loading. Here we are.
We spawned in a jungle.
I see a parrot. I can see a green parrot
flying.
I'm in a jungle. There's some bamboo
over there.
Wow. A cow.
Okay, first I'm going to collect some
wood. So, let's chop down some trees.
All right, let's collect some wood. Some
jungle wood.
All right, I have four logs.
Let's turn these logs into planks.
Now I have 16 wood planks.
Let's build a crafting table.
Crafting table.
Melons.
There are some melons here. I'm going to
collect some melons.
Melons will be a good source of food.
Melons.
No. Die. Die. Die. Die. Die, die. It's a
baby zombie
with a leather helmet.
Die, die, die, die, die, die, die. How
many times do I have to punch him?
Wow, I need a sword.
I really need a sword. Let's place the
crafting table. Place. And with the
crafting table, let's build some sticks.
And now let's build a wooden pickaxe.
And with this wooden pickaxe, let's
collect some stone.
I'm going to dig underground right here.
Dig.
I only have three hearts. I need to eat.
Okay, now my hunger is full, so I'll
begin healing.
Let's collect some stone using our
wooden pickaxe.
I hear another zombie.
Coal. I found some coal.
Now I can build torches.
Iron. Wow. I already found some coal and
some iron.
Great, great, great, great. I still hear
a zombie.
It sounds close.
My wooden pickaxe is almost broken,
so I'm going to stop using it. You see,
this is my very first pickaxe in this
world. So, I'm going to save this
pickaxe. I'm going to stop using it.
Now, I'm going to go back up and build a
stone pickaxe. Now that we have
cobblestone, we can upgrade to stone
tools.
Let's build a stone pickaxe,
a stone sword,
and a stone axe.
Let's build two stone swords.
There we go. And let's build some
torches.
There we go. 16 torches.
With my sword, I'm going to kill this
cow.
Sorry, cow.
I need the food.
this pig as well. Die die die.
Okay. Oh, cocoa beans. Let's collect
these cocoa beans. With these cocoa
beans, I can make cookies.
With the stone pickaxe, I'm going to
mine all of this coal and this iron.
Here we go. Coal.
All right,
that's all the coal. Now I have 19 coal.
Now let's collect this iron.
One,
two, three, four,
five iron.
Oh,
look at this.
There's a cave down there. I'm going to
place a torch.
Torch.
Let's go back up.
I'm going to build a furnace
using 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 cobblestone. I'm
going to build a furnace.
Let's break the crafting table.
All right.
Going to place a torch right here.
And for now, I'll turn this into my
little home.
Okay, there we go. Let's get the
crafting table and the furnace
and let's place them in this corner.
Crafting table. Furnace.
Now, let's put the coal in the furnace
to use as fuel. And let's smelt this
iron.
There we go. Okay, I'm going to look for
some animals to kill.
Uhoh, the sun's going down. Oh, I see a
creeper. I hear a sheep. Let's kill this
sheep.
Die. Die.
Uh-oh. Skeleton. Okay, let's go back
underground. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Another
skeleton.
Where's my home? There it is.
Oh, no. No. No. Run. Run. Run. Run. Run.
Run.
cobblestone.
There we go. We're safe.
I can hear the skeleton. Let's see. The
iron's done. Let's begin cooking some
beef.
Okay,
I ate the steak and now I'll begin to
heal.
Let's go down there and explore the
cave.
Ooh,
there's some coal. Let's mine this coal.
Okay, more coal.
Ooh, it's very dark over there.
Torch. More coal.
Okay, let's mine this coal.
Okay. Wow, that was a lot of coal. Now I
have 31 coal.
Let's continue exploring.
A zombie.
Whoa, a bunch of zombies. Die. Die.
Run. Run. Run. Run.
Die. Skeleton. Die. Die. Die.
Whoa. Uh oh. Run, run, run, run, run.
I'm running away. I'm running away. I'm
going to eat this steak.
[Music]
I killed the skeleton. Let's fight the
zombie. Die, die, die.
Torch.
Uhoh. Baby zombie. Baby zombie. Die.
Die. Baby zombie with a sword. Die.
Oh. Okay. I really need some armor.
Let's place a torch.
Okay. Let's eat some of this cooked
mutton. There we go. Now I'll start
healing.
What was that sound? Whoa. With five
iron, I'm going to build a helmet.
One, two, three, four, five.
I built an iron helmet. And let's put it
on.
There we go. Now I have one armor.
I'm going to continue exploring now that
I've healed.
Let's see.
Torch.
Torch. More iron. Awesome. Let's collect
this iron.
Okay. Whoa. Water.
[Music]
I'm going to place uh a wood plank
right here to stop the water.
And let's collect some of this copper.
Copper.
It's been a long time since I've played
Minecraft, and there's a lot more that
you can build with copper now.
Uh oh,
I'm out of torches.
Um, let's build more.
I have eight more torches.
More iron.
Wow, I'm finding a lot of iron.
All right,
my pickaxe broke and now I have 19 iron.
Awesome.
Okay, let's go back up to the surface.
Okay, back up up up
up. It's daytime. It's day. I need to
eat. Let's eat this cooked mutton.
I'm going to build a little tower with
this cobblestone.
And on top, I'll place a torch. Torch.
That way I can find my home. And I'm
going to end this first episode right
here. If you liked this video, like and
subscribe. And if you would like to
practice speaking English with me
directly. You could book a call by
clicking up here. Thanks for watching
and I will see you in the next video.
See you.
[Music]